imagine
offering the awkward person of your
class a ride home because you can't bear
the silence any longer
then you walk over to your car smash the
doors locked
and goof around with your friend
meanwhile your dad is being taken out
behind the car
and you don't even notice it suddenly
there is a complete stranger sitting in
the front seat
what do you do exactly you kindly ask
him to leave
uh no you don't what you do is punch
spit or scratch this guy in the face and
leave the car
you were three people three i would
understand to be frozen in terror as a
loner
but being with two other more or less
grown-up people i would at least be able
to move
but let's start at the beginning who is
this guy well this is kevin
but he's not just a kevin he is also a
dennis
hedwig jade patricia barry orwell
heinrich samuel
the beast and many more people he has
nothing to do with harry potter and no
he
is not mr beast's cousin okay what he is
is a mental patient diagnosed with
dissociative personality disorder
[Music]
so you've just been kidnapped by a
random pretty crazy looking guy
the good things are you've been
kidnapped with two other people
one of them is your friend and you've
all been placed into the same room
the bad things are you've been kidnapped
the guy seems to be mental
and he does look like he's ripped as
hell what do you do
well a couple of things first being
placed into the same chamber is a huge
advantage if i were to kidnap anyone
hypothetically speaking i would never
place multiple people into one room in
fact if i only had one room available
i would kidnap only one person so that
your three people together is an amazing
circumstance
the most important thing as always is
not to panic
you need a plan and in order to think
you must be calm
first you should get a clear picture on
where you are check out every little
corner of the room
for starters there are two mattresses
lying on a metal construct
there is a bathroom with a small glass
vase a sink that can be lifted off
a full functioning toilet that usually
can be taken apart as well
and there is also a plastic shower
curtain and lamps there are many useful
tools inside this room to fight someone
the fact that your kidnapper puts you in
a room filled with heavy objects is
strange
either he is dumb or he believes that an
escape is impossible
this could either imply you are
somewhere very secure and even getting
out of this room doesn't automatically
mean you are free
or it means he is underestimating you in
which case that would be a great
advantage
therefore your job in this position is
to find a way to exploit
any mistakes he makes this means you
should come up with a plan asap
wanting to get out of here as quickly as
possible is natural
but acting in a rush on your part will
mean the end for you
that he put you into the same room with
two other people could also
mean that he doesn't plan on keeping you
in here for very long
this means you would do well to be quick
in coming up with something
that could actually work here's what i
would do the advantage is clearly three
vs one
although i wouldn't dare to take him
hats on that looks like a bad idea
he is taller much stronger and
definitely unapologetic
we are just three tiny little teenage
girls not knowing what is happening
if you can't win a fight with strength
you must seek a way to outsmart your
opponent
that means you will need to find a way
to fight with the power of surprise
what prisoners do for example is they
attempt a suicide or great self harm
so that they are transferred into a
hospital obviously this is only a
temporary solution
but it does buy them time now of course
it doesn't necessarily work in our
situation here
but what i mean is this in a desperate
situation you must be willing to take
desperate action
this inevitably means taking high risk
it is clear that you have only one shot
if you miss it is likely to be over i
would break the tiny glass face in a
toilet silently between my bedsheet
covers in a way
so that i have multiple big shards left
then i would use something to wrap
around it to make
it safe to hold you can use a belt a
t-shirt or anything else that you may
find for it
these homemade knives are our melee
weapons hide them in a way that you can
quickly access them whenever necessary
try to keep them on yourself next up is
to check if you can get your hands on
anything heavy you would want to hit
something over his head that is capable
of taking him out
the most probable item that can be used
for an act like this
is the toilet tank cover these are
usually quite heavy yet still handy
even a teenage girl could swing that
with enough force to injure someone
seriously
another great thing would be if you were
able to lift up that sink
one strike with that and you will take
out of an elk
but it might be a bit too heavy for that
so forget about it unless you're able to
shatter it and arm yourself with
potentially handy and sharp pieces of it
but you should only do that if you are
sure that he has left the house because
you will make a lot of noise with this
this brings me to my next point if you
are taking the room apart to arm
yourself he will inevitably notice the
changes once he enters again
that would screw everything up that
means that you should be careful and
picky about the time frame in which you
start carrying out your plan
once you started making changes in the
room it must be clear that there is no
way back
once you start shattering vases and
taking apart objects
you will need to carry out your plan in
completion and that is where diversion
comes into play
there is no way you can take this guy
hats on it's impossible that means
somebody will need to strike from behind
or the side where he isn't able to
notice anything
it would be possible for one or two of
you to distract him
but i wouldn't risk that distracting
someone so another person can attack is
not a very easy task to carry out
i think the safest option would be to
patiently wait for the right timing to
strike
other than creating an opportunity
artificially i mean that way you have
the utmost power of surprise on your
side as well
furthermore at least one of the girls is
wearing a belt a belt is extremely
durable and could be altered into a
mid-range weapon aka gucci flail
you could do that but i wouldn't
recommend that a sharp shard is much
more powerful and can be easily hidden
as well
a flail not so much my friends but it
can still be used to cough or choke
someone efficiently
it must be clear that once someone gets
an opportunity to strike
the others cannot lose any time and have
to react instantly
okay that's all beautiful and stuff but
let's have a look on what our girls do
a few hours have passed since they have
been locked into this room
and next to this guy i'll talk to him
they have also been visited by her and
now this kid right here is staring
crazily at us from the entrance
in some scenes that i haven't shown here
we have also seen this guy right here
at the therapy session obviously we can
see that this is the same human being
over and over again but acting out
different personalities
the first thing that comes to my mind is
the id dissociative personality disorder
and this is proven once we follow the
scene at the psychotherapist
he has 23 personalities all of which
have independent lives
own hobbies and even illnesses that
differ from each other which is quite
surprising
the person that has kidnapped us was
dennis the woman in red was patricia and
now
for the first time we're getting to know
hedwig he's done awful things to people
and he'll do awful things to you
i have blue socks too hedwig is a
nine-year-old kid
he is into kanye west likes to break
rules and his pp is sending out his
first signals
anyway the point here is this if you
don't know about the id then you must be
freaked out if you were in the position
of these girls
but if you do know about this mental
condition you would be quick to draw
powerful conclusions
fact is these personalities are real
this
is a real nine-year-old in front of you
it isn't just an act
therefore overcoming a nine-year-old
versus a jack 35 year old i think
is a much more achievable challenge in
this scene hedwig says something that is
curious
he says that he will soon arrive and
that all of them have been kidnapped for
his sake
now whatever that means but having a
human with the id in front of you
it would make sense to think in terms of
another potentially much more violent
personality
that hasn't come out yet but does it
really matter
i mean you've been kidnapped right
anything that will follow must be bad
whether it's illegal organ trade human
trafficking torture etc
nothing comes good from being kidnapped
therefore the reason why you got
kidnapped shouldn't concern you too much
on the contrary i think you should pour
your energy into finding a way out
and don't waste it with focusing on the
madness that awaits you
next to revealing that there is one evil
personality coming for them
hedwig reveals that this room has
undergone special construction to keep
its secret from the outside world
implying that they are located in a
public area what the girls do next is
stupid and i do not recommend it i will
follow up with a better solution and why
i think this was a bad idea
after hedwig has left the girls pounded
against the walls to check if they can
find a way out
that's a great thing to do but jesus
christ you don't have to hammer against
that wall like that
that's like horning your car in front of
a group of preschoolers crossing the
street
it's unnecessary one of the girls finds
a hollow part behind the ceiling and not
10 seconds later
she hammers with her shoe against it i
mean seriously that's like giving your
enemy a call to tell him you're about to
leave
the better way would have been to think
what the current options are
and right now there are two first there
seems to be a passage through the
ceiling
and secondly this guy sometimes switches
into kit mode
which would be easy to overpower and
outsmart this isn't kid buu or something
this is just a weird nine-year-old boy
which of these is a better option i
think it's beating up the kit
really here's why escaping through the
ceiling will be extremely noisy and time
inefficient
the only way to make this work reliably
would be during a time when he is out
for at least
one hour but the problem is this it is
impossible to determine for you whether
he's actually out of the building or not
therefore the risk involved picking this
option is too unpredictable
on the other hand if you're able to
overpower him and close him into this
chamber himself and then leave
it's almost a safe bet to escape the
only question is how to do that
as things turned out sometimes this dude
becomes a 9 year old boy
do you know how easy it is to trick a 9
year old boy
step 1 remove your bra step 2 throw it
into his face
done you may still double and triple tap
with a sharp shorter than heavy object
just to be sure but i mean it's it's
quite easy to do
and then boom you're safe next thing you
do is you take the time to cough
his hands behind his back check his
pockets for any keys and then
leave the room you close the room and
then get the gada here
but of course our girls don't do this
nope
our girls rush into the first
opportunity that presents itself
without considering the details
yep that's what i meant you escaped but
now you're on your own
you have no idea where to go and you're
chased by a [ __ ] psychopath
in my book that's the worst thing that
can happen in your lifetime
i get heart attacks playing pac-man what
do you think would happen in a situation
like this
yep anyway she gets totally locked into
a separate room and will be there from
here on out
terrible for her and not so good for the
others either the good thing is
each one is still alive in the new room
where she is locked in now there seems
to be a wide variety of items that could
be used to immobilize the enemy
but looking at her behavior it doesn't
look like she's got much hope left
screw her let's focus on the remaining
two a few hours pass and we get to see
patricia again
the girls get their hair done and
invited to have a proper meal at the
kitchen table
when i was pointing out before to
patiently wait for the right time to
strike
i was talking about something like this
right here if there is a chance to
escape it
is right now but since they didn't
create any weaponry it makes it
impossible to win against a checked male
body like that but one of the girls
though grabs a
grabs a chair and breaks it over his or
her body
solid move i liked it but jesus christ
you should start binging binge a single
blow is stupid
especially since there were multiple
knives literally just a meter away from
you
i would have smacked that [ __ ] over the
back with this chair then grab this
hanging knife in the background and stab
her into her throat as if i were to
perform a sick chun
wick move but instead of using a pen
lord for bits i would use some
kitchenware
the one problem those girl did not
overcome is being fierce
they weren't determined enough if i were
kidnapped by a sick guy
i would know that my life will be over
if i don't react
and so there is either do or die but
those lame and weak ass
attacks from those chicks are just
terrible anyway if you screwed this up
right here
no boy you really suck and so the next
chick gets into a separate room and now
our chances drop by literally 66 percent
that's insane this proves that those
choices they made
were not just bad but downright the
worst let's see if we can fix that
now from all options i have considered
up until now i am still in favor of
smacking that guy as hard as possible
into the face
our main girl that has yet to try her
luck wakes up and hedwig
the nine-year-old boy is behind her
hugging her she's making the best of it
and does what a desperate teenager in
this position does
said uses the boy she ends up as his
first kiss and gains his trust
which she will be able to exploit later
on we will have a look at that in a
second
but look if she had a freaking shard
somewhere under her pillow she could
have stabbed that kid straight away and
this story would have ended right here
so please let's not pretend this movie
is difficult to beat
it really isn't but the one thing that
these characters never did since being
locked into this room
was thinking they came up with ideas but
they didn't discuss them
they were not thought through and their
attempts were half-baked at most
in the next scenes the psychopathic
kidnapper goes for another therapy
session
meanwhile we are plotting on how to
overpower that little boy when he comes
back
by now you should know how i would do it
but this is how she does it
the little guy comes in and picks her up
and brings her to his room
and there we get a nice creative art
[Music]
performance
okay i mean that's kind of strange but
sweet at the same time to be honest if i
were in this position
i would be falling for this kid that
would probably become his friend and
just stay down there whatever
but i think even for the sake of his
future hitting him over the head with
the lamp behind the door
is the best option here in the following
scenes dennis takes over the body and
attacks her
she is sent back to her room and then he
reveals what will happen later that
night
beast is a sentient creature
i think at this point it becomes
increasingly helpless to save the
situation
who represents the highest form of
humans evolution
if you are not willing to go great
length aka try to kill him you will not
see the light anymore
if you can't make the decision to murder
someone in order to save your own ass
then in this position the only thing
that would be able to save you
would be a random investigation
performed by third parties around you
will that happen probably not but what
does happen is
dennis gets surprised by his therapist
who comes by for a visit
i think this woman albeit a well
experienced therapist is very brave
and probably a bit stupid to enter just
like that into one of her patients homes
is
it's kind of daring before doing that
she should have called the police to set
up a rescue mission
in case she won't be sending out any
signals after two hours or so
in any way when she's sitting at the
kitchen table with dennis
she feels that something seems to be off
she decides to leave but for some dumb
and unexplainable reason
she has to stick her nose where it
doesn't belong
why would you even do that you were an
80 year old unarmed woman that told
nobody
anything about where she went to this is
beyond me i can't comprehend what the
hell is happening right here
as a doctor she could have convinced the
police investigation quicker than anyone
else
she literally had the right set of cards
here but she went all in and lost
gambling with the lives of three girls
in her own
thanks granny but not really next up
dennis will eventually become
the beast at the same time the girls are
trying to escape but we
know how that will turn out right
eventually the beast arrives back at the
house and attacks the therapist
she has no chance to survive but is able
to scribble down something
on a white piece of paper there was one
thing that i haven't touched on ever
since i have started writing this script
since this guy is a mental patient he
must be emotionally unstable
meaning there must be certain triggers
that cause him great suffering
or even make him lose consciousness
temporarily however in the position of a
kidnapped victim
i doubt you will be able to find the
keys for such triggers
but hey perhaps you will find a way to
do so anyways
at the same time one of the girls
actually made it out of her chamber by
using a tiny little nail that she had
found on the floor
of course but eventually was stuck in
another blocked room from where she
couldn't escape
honestly though this room is so full of
stuff i would be hard-pressed to believe
that there isn't anything that could be
used as a lever
to break through that door but it
doesn't really matter does it
because what is better than escaping a
mental patient's grip
exactly watching his video diaries with
regard to johanna's defeat in muhammad
of course
conquest between 11 92 and 12. but as
luck would have it
she found out where the keys are and so
she looks open the door
walks down the corridor and finds her
friend dead on the floor acting as fresh
meat for the beast
when she escapes she finds the note of
the therapist on which she reads kevin
randall crump
which seems to be his real name and once
she read it
this happens
okay this gets stranger by the minute
but i promise
if you watch the movie which you should
this scene makes more sense than when
watching my video
anyway through screaming his real name
she triggers a change and wakes up the
real kevin that has been unconscious for
over two years at that moment
he had no idea what was going on but
told her where she could find a shotgun
and ammunition so she can kill him and
finally release him from his misery
and so we get another last nerf wrecking
pac-man chase
and in the end well she survives not
because she can
kill him but because he realizes that
she too is a victim of her past and
therefore
similar to him well then nice happy
ending
if you haven't watched that movie i
sincerely recommend it the acting was
amazing and the overall plot was more
than
worthy thanks for watching i'll catch
you guys later